and people say all right and the story starts early sunday
morning and
is to start a malaysia speaks junior francisco flag started the little neighbor
wearing t-shirt on the way oppressive t-shirts had arthur already me
asked for request asked here to add you let's go with you to
accept request joão passion sesmarias speaks duda castro
vet how are you all right to be alright
hi agate a little bit here increase my volume which is low now how did
you are all right look for this easter sunday
and then beauty dear thanks to god do not remember the resurrection of jesus christ
for the kids to hear chocolate but one day a nice day for us to remember
little bit of our culture from our roots actor for those who don't know you
tell us a little about your resume what you did before becoming an advisor
special role of the presidency of the republic and today how they played the role
your job and I have to go can be a banana
green and the banana knee will join the army so he can have
identity card then ask him what you did before
enlist in the army he said so I ate erase ok
the eating bowl eats the banana of the republic
the guy was the next one we and my brother we were a teacher at
federal university of são paulo ie ii
and look, it's that story you end up without oil and water, you don't
you can mix it, you have to enter it, you talk but then you end up writing and
two plus two are personal from your friends there in 2017
and sir i'm a professor of social security law
hi and i wrote this there my whole life was 20 years old right
hi and there was an international social security seminar when
he was having the reform, there was fear, that's what made him
and then as a guest to participate and asked for help to bring teachers
international saw has the hospitalization contacts I went to do my long the
life is gonna be ok look canada united states chile and then i took some teachers
to exterminate at the onix lorenzoni seminar saw he called to talk speech
pow how cool that you guys present about social security and man it was funny because
i had gone to canada in 2016 at the end of 2016 i went with my money i
went as seen school is not and I go with my money dude got
went to my wife i rented a web year from near victoria university which
the capital of colombia to study social security there from canadian social security
then i wrote a scientific before 12 friends from university pylon two
university professors is not taking the social security experience of the
canada italy and brazil hi and we published for you since the
people will talk about the subject of scientific article this article that I wrote in
english canada was published and it is in a qualisa magazine from italy the year
later but it’s what I researched a year earlier if it was something that looks like it’s no longer
more when you go up when afterwards the subject has lost the originality that it had
a year before just to make it clear for those who are for those who are in
watching right there are a lot of people here who follow me as a teenager also what
cut from that day we do wanting the following for you to have a publication a
article published in a reputable international magazine and etc. this
follows a protocol it competes with other articles by other intellectuals
teachers etc and this is standard it is normal to take a long time, right, from months to years
and why is he saying this and why are you important at that moment
and we're going to go into the subject of hydroxychloroquine, the next question
that I would like to do and do to him is a lot of people say that the
hydroxychloroquine it cannot be applied to patients because you do not
has no proven effect of that right and then I give it back I give it back to arthur
continue which is the following do you think is valid even without having this publication
international application of hydroxychloroquine in patients
today i will tell you the following hi duda i already experienced the world
academic I is not because it has the history emerged by my academic life on the
We ended up supporting your father initially, scientifically, we didn’t
was nothing and knew us and and and this academic life took us
contact with your father, we’ve already been good, and then you’re with him,
and when my brother became a minister in April last year, people wrote
then I started my twitter in August and started saying that I
I became your father's advisor because my brother became a minister that I am a
nepotismo mateiro I have been your father's advisor since January 3, 2019 since
day three including contributing to the government plan and we traveled together also in the
taiwan south korea and japan it was exactly 2018 we are with
you since the beginning 2017 and it was when it started I saw perception threatens the hell
but annulled come out of the steel I will I will make you the following placement is the model
academic feel I changed a falls is a thing that sells everything had no internet
it was all on paper people had a few people read I just didn't know how to read and
writing this scientific method dirty and most did not have access to reading
so what happens with internet you can put an article is not the
knowledge immediately so for me it's first i have i have all
the affection that the left loves to say how cute they are at usp master's at usp
doctorate and postdoctoral fellow at the party I was a researcher looking at a lot of files
everything that the left now said this it doesn't make me better than anyone here are
titles and often a communist enters the academy he takes it then
doctorate with his plate his plate gives a doctorate for them to do in this
network so it’s not because I’m part of the group that have
titling i'm going to defend some scientific has to have the reality is
more important than formalities and then
the formality the following the medieval that you submit the article you go there does
the study then you submit the article it will be evaluated the plants and will
work for your homes and then other articles will get better tax
now he will decide how it was better and if he found it he pushes this article here he
will the guy show you more than uai for vanity sometimes in the public if
you don't follow the guy's line so imagine you have a political line there
it is not clear that there is an article arrives that will not us political flour
normally left, right, there is no right line at the university if you find me
is white fly with green eye hi blue eye and then the article to be published
a year from now the mouth what is the originality of that there that happened with the
course clean and your father was already tuned in
what people talk to him that he has a lot of north staff and we've been
is entirely engineer or continues to see graphics to be done integrally and derivatives 50
tuned in the clear which is hi and then days before rio de janeiro
is it not the dollar that was in the machine I don't think it's a
mixture of other things but anyway is is is
how do you look today how does the internet have the person who should have the
people give a google to see who was talking before they talked about him
and this beauty that was left over from the internet hi and your father turned to me he didn't
said I'm the cdf he used the term there the skinny skinny system a
great you wanna [ __ ] crazy said so you go there and all of that is
and then I started to read a scientific article it wasn't an article, right, that's what the person
am a person starts to drop they call fastware starts to drop what they
are researching to spread the graphics knowledge and submission of
article even submits the article to you and some magazines allow it at that time
emergency that you have access to which you have been subjected to and when it is being
evaluate is I started to read graph is are jokes say what do you have and
feedback to read scientific article that medicine
the first one that the director of the inss has for a mother has a doctor he even made fun of one day in
twitter was [ __ ] me who had to be ms director
hi and my postdoctoral and these glasses here that I keep using
your look at yesterday's face was this guy there cdf sometimes it is
it's the opposite of the time I did it wavy
is a friend I don't have a dog but at the time I was deputy director of the field if you
don't want to do the postdoctoral neurology and neurosciences
and I had talked to her about Alzheimer's charts and using it because it impacts on
so I had studied demography studied the part of
gerontology grandson said hello sorry elderly
hi and then I took this, I said I’m going to do it and she said she doesn’t do about Alzheimer
on epilepsy the flagship of the prof epilepsy department the part
doctor made a presentation I told you about that business there
the social security law and an actuarial descriptive that I got the
thick then I remember she looked at the graphics I joined people will get her
dumb that cool because in the graphics you brought me shows that you have a bread mission
and the rest of Brazil has less that is not in São Paulo has much more epileptic than
that in the rest of the country and in the rest of the world she said it doesn't make sense that you're
bringing the following people well do attendance time well do the
service in são paulo and overloads the system and we didn’t have these
good cats so this is just a statistical part
interdisciplinary please from the government man that the accessory your father i'm not
minister person talking pie solves the problem inside my box
I do what I can and so I will tell you the greatest honor that I have here
greatest honor that I have and that of my family I can be an advisor to the
president president bolsonaro here for me not reaching life guy I
it is not english speaking it has to be blatant for me it is not during it is not only the
president people don't have a question of the importance
a and pride all president bolsonaro and he has given me this
opportunity man because when I could I told him I had you before
of the trump announce I spoke so glad I read that the junction of the first
flávio here at it's working and the chloroquine mechanism looks like
malaria and I’ll explain it to you this is how I don’t
I’ll explain it by language. If you have a potato in your mouth, I’ll talk
no one everybody will understand who has a
hi and then i said to him, joaquina is working, it has already worked and serious
and they had the graphics o the guy who treated only that he didn't treat is first
that so iceland i will give you the example of iceland that iceland is a
closed an island and everyone is a joke genetically they have control
total the flower the influence o the influenza side of the northern hemisphere she keeps 0.1 there
saying yes the ovid kills three times 0.3 more cough the mortality of
fatality is a big serious rule, but we see that gravity is what is
statistically not as expressive 0.3 sides there so I spoke like this so here
no longer a young guy who picks up a child and feels asymptomatic
and ask for the taste I’m feeling the taste of things infect if you don’t
safe from things totally infected i'm not feeling anything beauty but you
is infected is passing there you get a person with comorbidity she if the
love give me if you have another disease you die if you are 95 without
comorbidities and to invite you live but so when you are 95 it is at
times you sprawl god hold not because you are not that you caught the
invitation you’re 25 is just to speed up the immune system
weakened of course nobody wants nobody died accident but that
it happens look what I passed on to your father is not I said president look this
I would show you not to take bananas like that, serious cases
person didn’t take anything to start to get worse going up going up and then I
take pain there and the respirator has no right
hi and then pizza boy the new one was here I said pros it’s like that yes who
go the guy who doesn't take care of himself in rio grande do norte the 23 year old guy who
it was the weight is [ __ ] obese it was in the hospital it wasn’t about them just fear was for
the respirator in insurance so some cases of each young person was really serious
but when it gave chloroquine and arthur will start to download the guy
hail will take [ __ ] they talked for days and when I mixed almost tromycin
azithromycin took already took antibiotic one mixed with azithromycin
it worked as a cocktail here or aids is an antibiotic that kills alive was for
antibiotics and bacteria this antibiotic because it is but in this case
azithromycin a study showed that he played there they gave it to person
improved it improves the esteem of the cell the children he doesn’t have him in the cell to
multiply and it uses the cell's system to replicate in the chloroquine
together with an azithromycin and break a symbol the outline I am the
cell the virus cannot multiply it goes there and the wall king is
was left with the cell's power plant and then there is no longer how the cell will work.
virus is not because he withdraws too much he only speaks he only card the medicine
now what doesn’t even get in the cell easier and he drew that vitamin de
the staff's vitamin talks like this is the bone is for I don't know what it is for olor
it's not just for that pulmonary system benefit from his vitamin
and I read in those studies and three months after you sunbathe still
there's vitamin in your body I'm alone that you took so important
take just take vitamin from there the green president looks like this I went to
they give it to him, I send it to him when I get it, man, it's on loan
at his desk there and then I said like this president has not
those four factors the ultra that announced chloroquine he
even controls India and sent it to bahia to do it also believed in the clear
that hi and then the president even after
said like this, I'm taking a tribute to the chloroquine azithromycin sweetie that
vitamin d let's throw this in there for people
and then it started when your father improved hi and the job was the
and the media started saying no, that story used on the internet, right if the
bolsonaro is in favor of oxygen the left will put a bag over his face to
not to breathe and this is the beginning he even has an excuse matter that roberto
but there is a 2016 article that I copied from your social network and twitter from
your twitter including people who can follow ok is arthur with th uai that is w
en face arthur comes to twitter and instagram for us to do a
salary now but I posted a 20/2016 article from Globo speaking very well of
chloroquine because chloroquine in addition to initially it uses hers was for
malaria but it was also producing is good jesus late when used against the
zika virus so why the globe it doesn’t repeat this good news
jack and the medical community is showing
effective chloroquine why do you think they do that
i'll tell you clearly this is how i'm not a genius but i don't juice so you
start to look for animal things to chloroquine then you are serious what is the
chloroquine and crox difference is as follows
and what works chloroquine against malaria versus the one against
chicungunha against now invitation this is the following is an old remedy
everyone must have heard it I was reading the first one I give this is
important to talk about was the national email is that we always talk
and here in Brazil's independence you know that I'm saying that I was a friend
of the owner leopoldina i was a friend of dom pedro first gift
Pedro according to José Bonifácio José Bonifácio andrade
and he did it all about quinine and what cloud of the plant the synthetic luan and the
boy work hi jane this is even i saw an o
100-year-old newspaper talking ah, you got a big one, my got the flu
Spanish animal takes acne in the newspaper talking here takes ninocar avoid playing
queen of others avoid sneezing and take what boy is so it's in the newspaper
ok bro is what boy already worked there what
what happens isn’t it’s not synthetic the chloroquine is already synthetic
with what that boy chloroquine or hydroxy hydroxychloroquine the chloroquine
she has and then a question of
is assimilated in the body, so how does it mix lipid in it if it stays
the body was closer so they put the hydroxychloroquine to leave
more sleep, right, ah, so it softened the effects
side effects this is the same thing as morphine you have
the base of the morphine which is the option there you have the morphine which is synthetic after
you have another hand and in the bio the strongest remedies
and chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine garage pocket first because that
protozoan malaria [Music]
and this protozoan the me the wall is hemoglobin hemoglobin that carries the
oxygen in the blood and hi and hemoglobin a little reel
carretinha she was taking her own oxygen whole body here comes the suitcase o
malaria protozoan and eats porphyrin there until the
business here protects and the iron molecule has a molecule
iron inside the blog and this iron molecule is organized and it makes
she starts to munch all of that in a row why she is protected
porphyrin and this protozoa I talked like this
break it, then it pays and that's when the aunt starts to break the body
this is the same thing as my principle I'm not a doctor I'm telling you
here from the people but it was the same principle what is the invitation the invitation is as follows
your your hemoglobin is worth it man
and your hemoglobin I have has a group called coughs for freedom
and are teachers who are not left-wing teachers who are normal
the right is normal, we are trained, we put it there every day
look and these guys sending me talking luciano take this being fair brazil is
paulo zeloto and also sent the article and my brother sends me something too
so there's nothing in this article since the following mine
you’re the fan, the respirator sometimes breaks more than the
benefit why because the problem in the middle of the lung do not smoke it is not moving
what the fan it does butt move breathe breathe breathe if you don't have the color
sorry demobile i have no reason to transport your way don't have the
invitation there so when hemoglobin runs out
her trailer she doesn't transport minecraft
and yours the white blood cells speak and phagocytose in them for me the hemoglobin
good and start to liquefy and then leave your lung the fibrosis says that
it looks like a shiny granite cover and the lung can't do it like that right away
way not because he doesn’t move bro because he doesn’t have hemoglobin anymore
carrying tissot by throwing yours at 2 and giving is equal when you breathe the
our carbon at the exit is talking borrowed globins and then you take
the guy who's watching the video and moves that thing on his thumb there to ask
oxygen saturation right, the guy is giving eighty percent oxygen when
when I was watching the other day I don't have a TV I just watch the internet
I was watching stories that were everest
good and it is a group that likes to live dangerously and goes without the little guy there
from there when the guy went to the little finger he has ninety-five percent
john person calling him back is in the base camp for lost you are out
i already sent it back imagine with eighty percent saturation punch for
That's what I'm lying about, I'm dying, remembering that this is the case.
to people who reach this stage a rare case but I'm dealing here with
so I'm explaining the severity of the disease when she's pregnant we
lot of guy there who had and gave nothing nor felt she did not ask for taste asked
taste admiral benedict holding him from communication fabi wander through it that
the minister france the beauty people at the age of 62 the prince the prince antónio right I
I saw a publication of Dom Bertrand, almost 70 years old, with 67 and 68 years old
age also left the hospital today or yesterday he was there celebrating right
leaving the hospital I don't know sometimes it rains
and sometimes the young guy is also healthy, my body fell
can hold it there i will explain to you the interesting thing that is the question of
antibody this is green was a test zinho
system a tissue that is like pregnancy test hole the little finger puts the drop of
blood and appears there are three for gray there appears the first dash for
know if you really have a date reacting then you have hygiene and gg which is
the are the antibodies right there i commented with eggs note told me port the wii gm
and it’s like it’s a bouncer, then the disease came to your body the lion of
farm is great you imagine the bar people are having a beer
taking a cup starts a stick started the fight
and then I ranchers beat the house of a colleague in the house of the other and
to open the stopped it calls police the police o & g is the police will identify
thug will see if I spoke to identical to say what is the expensive fabric that lipe
this guy is not going to let him do it first I already identified
so egma when you started with lulu cartridge disease appear that you're
which in you have the disease at that moment
and if gmg shows up, you’ll see the mother’s disease is coming out of it you’ve created
definitive they only have gg yes he has already had the disease so this guy who g
can circulate he doesn’t pick up from teaching passes a career
that's what they say if you take the exam and it should you are immune or you can
circulate here talking after sixty percent of the population sixty seventy
percent of the population take sides watch to heal that is to say they will already have the
antibodies act as a barrier, you know, the virus will not pass the stone
got here and died and it's a natural barrier and then these
yes there is a nose exam I want to send you right you don't brain it passes there and
give your brain a nudge shot is it is horrible then I also did my brother
he also did just that this one is fifty percent false positive or
false-negative false-negative can I negative 1
your [ __ ] lucchesi I don't have I don't have one but this one has
good so this is the same test of the chic room he also fake
negative it does not give false positive more difficult it give false positive
it is but it can give false negative so sometimes it takes negative but you
try for a month you’re not feeling anything like you have a lot of cases so take it like that
85 percent of people it really does not think anything I didn’t feel
nothing is characterizes corn disease at home 15 side only they useful today so it is
really and here we go because you spoke the ideological question so said this is
serious but for a small percentage of society, what they say
close the planet close the planet to ms ordered to close the planet is the most the
others come on or not and no woman writes
the time I never saw close the homie has a pregnant woman are two daughters is
no problem the possible ms says that to cut a bizarre essential service
bizarre piston in a role of a one year pregnant woman because music caused
problems little children remember all microcephaly and
and then nobody closed the planet except that the presidents were obama and no h1 n1 is the
no but yeah you're a server today ok so come on when i can with the clear that
in 2016 appeared on the globe I how do you see these things man I looked at
that the guys comment feel a guy commenting on a video watch the video
the art over there the guy had a regret watching the new video I can't give
enjoy it all but I read a lot of demand
the internet law this video talking to the globe in 2016
hi or of course a very promising corner in of course it acts the same way
that she responds to malaria looks like another place is far I didn't get the question of
prevent the destruction of hemoglobin in the erythrocyte
hi and there it is good talking pull the medicine very promising and they speak interests
literally see hi can give to pregnant women without any problem the donkey no
it was a net, then a specialist appeared at that time, I shared it on my
on my son who wants to see it on instagram on youtube on facebook after
take a look at this interesting video here 15 quilts to trade
and then dude you find a lot of things
is one of the now dancing here right too until the little that comes in the invitation
when he arrived at the invitation until the invitation when he had the h1 n1 anvisa did a
protocol I made an ordinance letting the tamiflu insert insert that the remedy
could be used exceptionally for an epidemic emergency even without
public scientific study and depending on the leading edge evident
which is your doctor who will tell you if you took no
oh but this is obvious we would never say otherwise but here comes the middle of speech
so no you have to wait for a publication when there was h1 n1 nobody
waited for treatment application then look for it then say it so let's put
on the street, a doctor can do it, since we are seeing an emergency, we can't today
also did it today but I can't why I can't today you want to close the
plan I even had in this story of a
spectrum report the english newspaper and spoke of iceland he spoke like this to
the economy they are saying that it is life versus money economy then they said no
is life versus life if you for economics and then I saw this yesterday cases of suicide
cases of depression lot of face up so much magic increase in the number of
domestic aggressions against women, right during the period of confinement also
[Music] you cause internal conflict not to stay in
home cannot work and he gets food where it’s going to become food doesn’t stay in
home and you see a lot of arts and chopping and then there's a wine man plays
so take the journalist's son I'm telling him what he did is like
chin eats cold there is a girl washing the dishes of the girl there taking her
little dick right and then you look man I hear the card here I watch the photo is
a litany the rain speech comes from outside speech comes from outside I need to think
which is clearly also your personal personal sign from abroad, you know, it's just
politician john some other means of communication and it's always like that is
impressive because it’s funny that people outside this truth they say
that we are chromatic and that we are poetizing against the truth
recent past they took the same steps
I'm talking about reducing the emergency of medications that in the emergency have to
take the medicine you better take medicines that you don't have a study
proving that it is effective but that it can save your life there now they
change the course today not now you can't use the medicine you have to die
but you cannot use the medicine that has no proven scientific study then
so it’s a business that stands out from the ground, then it’s going to match at the end by
example some videos that we are seeing of ordinary citizens, right in situations
totally random so wrong programmed programmed the cases
disgusted with the globe, right? I watched a video of a woman sitting at the club
in a journalist because she was filming her car license plate on you
a helper talking to a guy with his ass like that, finding what filming everyone
like I'm doing a test to screw you and the woman really so much the other was
took come with the journalism phone to speak look the good soldier was right
don't know what is trash globe people is not that people not the judge of
communication some of them don't understand that doing this kind of thing they
they are fraying they are pulling the Brazilian's patience by limit
because what my eyes see is that the truth is that reality
but they insist on saying what I wanted in the eyes comes is not reality a
reality is what the globe put on my head so like a wash
brain so wide open and playing still playing without nearly killing people
why is it not possible today the sheet of são paulo was already there wanting to play in
account of the president, right, the question of unemployment when you grow up
I'm talking about this question, yes, it’s an excuse for my outburst and I’m going back one
a little bit here for the question of your explanation even though it is not being
given the doctor what did you say the lung it ends up fibrosan du does total
sense for what the infectologist dr paolo zanotto tia form that
he even has the pastor he has another side and let's go he has dubbed in oxford
the 90s, right, you're talking about one of the most highly regarded universities
of the world he says that hydroxychloroquine has to be applied
at the beginning of the video color because because if not afterwards from the fourth fifth
sixth day will happen the card said your peacock will be fibrous and not
no use you no fan inhaling and exhaling doing your
lung function and if you don't have the cells to
take that oxygen into your body will throw it in the front so
he says it has to be applied exactly at the beginning
while your dresser is able to take oxygen and get treated right to see
his body and I conclude by saying that the cell that there was makes the virus he
enter your cell because it uses your cell, right?
uses the cell to feed on the mitochondria and etc. and the aline will go stay
for the next infected cell the flame on the side does the same procedure so there is
to be applied exactly at the beginning the curtain while your cologne have
condition of taking the oxygen and treating yourself, you know, to give your body and finish
saying that it is the cell that that the body does the
virus it enters your cell because it uses your cell, you know
uses
and the cell to feed on mitochondria etc and aline will go mica
for next infected cell by the side does same procedure is still
ready what that cocktail of azithromycin hydroxychloroquine and then
simple vitamin c anyway what do you do when zika when when invite enters
in your cell it kills your cell’s food ie when that cell
infected dies she dies jun and with the invitation 19 so when 19
dies there and has no chance of going to the other cells then and to the
critical expansion this is what actually happens right but arthur your
education minister brother I recently lived a video of him is with
several clipping from the globe trying to interview him and going out etc. for
that they don’t like yours because the globe doesn’t like your family I love you
but for the good for São Paulo sheet to the cold brothers I see that they
cheer for her still wrong they cheer and make fun of it is up to you anyway
you are doing here there wasn’t I wasn’t enjoying the globe
and I the rosana if a the Martian of the planet and
like if you want it right what is it just look what you want from the front that the media
do and do the inverse the inverse is always the same Manichean the globe the marine
cold marine is the media this great media you you know very well your
dad he said like that to me or my brother turned me on her whenever you can
you help your brother good so much that the accessory your
father even telling him that it's happening, right, it's good for me sometimes
participates in a meeting with my brother from the president he has the guy from
marias serves arthur weintraub participating only in meetings with his brother
him in the plateau palace [ __ ] on the bench I participate my brother I'm
participating with my chief president hi and then we talk about the good projects
that what is being commented on and what you see clearly is the following is the
same thing as the invitation they say he did nothing he has nothing i deliver
nothing that shows a lot of things that was ugly a lot of things that was
and there will not even be the kingdom there made the enemy cuts thirty percent doors from thirty
percent had no cut had cut yet put another 250 million had no
cut voted yet money everything they say it does not go to how much it gives yes
won't have they'll do it wrong it doesn't happen they don't say after he
there was one that the globe even talked about took a criminal vacation he was entitled
the fever after they are eight minutes talking that it was criminal and probity
administrative later with me to change we missed our subscribers but there is no
transplant in which the firms went and and and now there is the last lie so
we got there he doesn't have a template he doesn't have a toothpick he is a teacher
federal university of são paulo professor professor professor minister
education where he was PT, the doctor was minister of economics where the plague of
medical view is the minister of the economy when the PT doctor is PT and
minister of the economy and the economist psd view minister of health no one speaks
nothing on that side and then my brother who is a teacher and
little his classes he was a disputable
I never had any complaints you can search there on the contrary it is only in java
have proof of my classes and my brother's class 20 years old man now 20 years since
99/2000 and then seriously, he has no leather no
there is a greenhouse the leaf even made fun when we see the tablet we
eat in the form he had no boy and I the guy for pf there you pay then
I ate rice and beans and said we eat the flower written like this not central and eating
french fries rice beans in the very different kid's popular restaurant pt that
eat exquisite places like this, leaving it as if we were going
still do not do but it is only one are really can even call equal president
of the voice that comes back stronger than remembered guys we will see a relative here only
to relax in this bowl because we talk, we're talking
pandemic hydroxychloroquine its subject that even stressful because
certainly these four thousand more people are watching us now that I
see if you have an infected relative but it was funny as soon as my father's
president his first international civilian was to face the
switzerland where home the goal the economic forum took place right the world forum of
economy and there
I went out to dinner, right, someone took the president to the enchanted place
so to say right with a slightly more expensive wine a more elaborate food
much promises a name buffet it certain things that only appreciated and
legitimately appreciated by people who call with a higher standard of living than
there is no problem with that ok people have no merit in this but how to see
the account I remember here in my head was something
i want to open a car it was good to capture an account when the president looked at that
asked the bill and the waiter told him how much it cost he gave a
jump just like this each one will pay yours doesn’t have to pay I don’t know I don’t even know
how will it be macadam will pay your falls all ministers right everybody
there passing card machine everybody button card paying paying your
your own dinner, which was very expensive, right?
the president did were have lunch I wanted to take him to a high-level place
none of that looked to the side and safely there the guy ends up driving wash
the car where are they hiding here oh no we can not have a tray
here on the side we don’t start eating there black good to eat there we go
and we’re going to eat in this beauty beauty tray there they went when the
president served himself at the bandejão who he ate a lot of journalists there
together, right, he served in the tray and sat down to eat, he was the first
hit the table and take a picture what are you going to
communication jair you hope it's the following is [ __ ] dude it's just a president
that preaches austerity and practice a trinity a president who is
accustomed to a standard of living that is much closer to that of most Brazilians
than close to the millionaires trapped in the jet wash not what you want in the newspaper
president bolsonaro is isolated in the g20 type of hairstyle and forced to eat
alone in the trough is the same thing that happened happened to
you, right, they demeaning you, saying look, there's no class, I'm not
at the time of the liturgy of the post there are 20 articles that I found on the street and now they are
minister right instead of saying exactly the opposite are people concerned with
public money people who have the salary and an income that they don't loose
but they also can't eat fine food every day
so press when she does that is what ends up wearing out right
a situation is happy we would not like that to happen
I would like to have a political maturity and a balanced national scenario where
you could actually debate but nowadays you’re going to beat it
company judging you down to you is against something there the guy over there
appetite she say that you are a break that you are racist there is no way you can have
debate on that the name of oak speaks we can’t stay all the time
speaking look i'm not racist don't speak i'm not macho not [ __ ] it is
why she will end up cursing right is it because you have no way of hitting the
guy who's talking to you for you to discuss and it's unfortunate that
that came in strongly at our universities too, right?
and as a teacher andré if you can you can even talk a little better about this
theme and if you want to develop the question of harassment of teachers or
students you right-wing the ban on making theses that criticize focused on
calm down with all these people if you can talk a little bit about it
and I see the following bible guy talks about demon caste we see today
situation so I just saw some people write here you will
seeing the vast majority of them dirtying your mother has already appeared and the queiroz doesn’t
it seems like some of them, I don’t know, they say we’re just that
university is what I so I didn't I didn't believe it I knew that great
exists there when I was on top it was already good it was always left victim
social the nap I'm a social victim the punch his son he dropped
French baby crap is I do it guys new French is
I do that, it's just a know, you don't read it, I remember that I call the social contract of the
south speak to usp professor professor his speaks here in
magistrates he is not no I was not mistaken person is quoting but there is a
central brain of ideas launch there I started what to say great for
this is where things arrive international I went to give a lecture in the rest of
Chile many years ago many years ago I arrived in the classroom and the students came to speak
for me there we didn't get a lot of brazil because of the socialism of brazil as it is
which is because there you have free and quality public university the same
phrase the same litany dude hi and then i went to canada teacher
from the university of canada just talking about gender ideology the very envy
Brazil because of socialism to go again
the guy you travel the world so the universities were behind communist
good and you get to the university you have thirty percent who is not a communist
but how do they take care is like a baleiro my eye arrives at the university
so this one starts to smooth, there are their main courses there, these courses of
sociology philosophy where it accumulates more history and then they start to get the
collegiate so they know how to hunt read they’re going to get a room get a
whale they see the collegiate they do a meeting I was the coordinator of the course
actuarial sciences at the federal university of são paulo i could not stand the
sir it is not 8 hours of meeting then there was a partner no union partner
nothing is decided i had to work man i'm not exclusive dedication i
never went to dedicate yourself you were twice as much slave 1
and as a department teacher this can be a union site they come back this apert
it’s a human being that collegiate is all over the world if you’re not
communist you start to be chased you start with the guys posting thing is
look ugly there on the edge begins to suffer processinhos process river suffer
confidential administrative process in which I underwent the sectorial rosicky process
literally be you you took to an education commission the threat that is
in my car death message let's throw the brick in the head if it binds that the
people are going to kill you I had no security at all I just got university security
spoke I didn't understand you said violence comes from both parts luciano brother
and me that you notice that it happens all over the world then say yes or no but it's just
university of humanities and starts to see professor of medicine, right, communist, expensive
queuing professor of communist physics mathematics you baby within the courses
they put there physical knowledge of Brazilian reality is anthropology
philosophy and in these classes they start to get people or sometimes even
way in an explicit way, right, I take it to my wife to be erased
heloísa at her college was a private university in rio grande do
south right in 2016 during the impeachment process there was a class worth noting
about the 2016 coup and in the back wallet a little table
buriti right about democracy at risk brazil when i am getting married is not the
democracy post citizen constitution 78 and when to get there to attend class who
there is the representative of the mst that you think she will speak to you is a
totally biased business and you don't have the same if you had a guy from
left and a guy on the right all right could even have a business a more
balanced on john couldn’t my money too i love you too but the
their democracy is as follows they do not give space to the right any none
right I think it would be good if Brazil had conservative universities to
start fighting it and they will then so when they slept the
democracy so you can be olrox leninist this so this is the one that
democracy is the one that democracy the democracy of these guys approved
if you participated in did some testimonials for people from brazil
parallel that made the documentary homeland educator before documentary that was
released the weeklong thing the box I always recommend are three episodes
first episode talking about the history of university formation etc. the second
they dissect who was paulo freire and in the third they show the story
recent education including testimony from your brother, right at the beginning
abraham weintraub showing some cases of corruption recommends how is the
your your ironing part will glue now I recommend it is
the argument simply everything from brazil forever without i watched i put it on
my twitter and and even had a call mia in case that was what I said had
had medical school removed the nephrology chair put the doctor
of the family they are getting unlucky then I mentioned a case of a teacher who told you
to face her right to chat away I used to meet the people who
talked in is not like them from the moment you are not mine
you have to be a lot, I told her how are you, how are you
her husband say here are her teeth she will person my look will be more
I do not allow you and I went up to dedicate your calm like that
it was all possible dude it's not possible if i hadn't seen it i wouldn't believe it
and so in the university it happens more is in your people you can already see
people like that oh this talking business is what we have to thank a lot
to your father your father if it weren't for him we wouldn't be having this
possibility to say that now you think we would be able to fish
rightly charges many things but your father was stabbed and we can
because of him, today, speaking here, there are authoritarian people shivering there in the
brazil rihanna taking the constitution guy throwing it in the sewer here look here look
article 5 causes the squeeze only one piece fundamental rights right to drive
right to express oneself by right of religion
oh no you can't go to your service because ms he you want to do a
something like that make one of the constitution who has the prerogative to do that is the
your father your father who could decree state of siege and state of defense that of
war to be able to make a restrictive measure of fundamental right but
have gone through the republic's spending council by the national congress one says the
constitution here o perfect perfect look your father ahead and if you can
turn the situation around imagine that you had to decree the growth of everything and
there vs the mayor of said so i don't agree here in mine now i think
it doesn't have to be like that and letting go
mayor yes I am very dichotomous it is totally what you see in education there
with my brother and my brother is getting older in front of me
and today his white hair we go but people say like this he is your father
guys sign up is he is the minister's son the same years and a half but he was the
that I four and a half years he 7876 and he's old man the guy works he
it works there like this is 12 hours a day but it is for nothing agreed is
and will have to do it like this I don't know look around and there is no one who will
do you man have to do your father if the paulinho around talking has to
do it is me and a group from january the small group you see us is because
it takes a lot to beat too, so people have to be a teacher who doesn’t
want to appear in clothes mouths how many contacts have already been made I’m not
passing this but let's go crazy flawed here for not because you know that if
done is something public against this militancy on the present left
university present in newspaper editorials and etc. the guy will suffer will
suffer arthur is talking to us he is the brother of minister abraham
weintraub were the two took lawsuits when he spoke process
secrecy but I wanted to finish something
and for which it was the governor who most directly violated article 5 of our
constitution you saw that the stf right Minister alexandre de moraes of a
decision saying that it is up to mayors and governors to say is how will this be
confinement his next direction the mayor of mirandópolis everton sodário
wanted to open the trade and dória forced him to close the trade, right and
when the president's statement towards the dollar and several sense
otherwise so oh glory he really he’s right he’s having a
power that even the kings many times in the past didn’t, he closed everything spoke
here look now i'm going to use your cell phone without your consent to
well then person the governor of look he was thinking he can do what
well understand that really arthur put it makes sense if we think that
President Jair Bolsonaro had television interviews saying he will
arrest people who leave home imagine how it is not being the
repercussion in the press, you know, the press that only thinks about freedom because the
president jair bolsonaro you take his chain right the post said that
I wanted to control the media, control the press, you know?
also remember that one of the first actions of the gula largo government in 2003 in
his first year in office was the disarmament statute approved on the basis of
of a lot of money poured into the monthly allowance for deputies at the time to vote
in favor of these measures, it’s worth remembering that in 2016 during the process of
impeachment then you cultivate pt national made a letter a resolution
and saying that it leads to dilma's mistakes and the pt was not to have selected better
those they promoted as is the generals the high command of the forces
armed right and certainly the now Argentine that you detect but he a
news more at the beginning of the year when president abel alberto fernandes was
thinking of sending the project to the national congress for just
control the armed forces by appointing a political sensor to which generals
should ask for a pension in the case of promoting someone or a blessing in the case of
armed forces want to do a special mission anyway they will
learned from their mistakes and we will make sure that the next time they
come to power do not repeat these mistakes in their heads right understand if I
everything that prevents listening and the supreme intelligent power to arm the
population if they wanted to enforce the use of force they just need to have a
troop in favor of him, which is what he has there in venezuela the mature he counts on
Cuban soldiers he has the Bolivarian national guard who was
created this is promoted whoever said hello hugo chavez now live mature right
promoted to the high echelon generals colonels people who did not have the
military training ie did not follow the hierarchy and the normal course of the career
military to get you to the top of your career so they took the hand of
unionist a lot of corrupt a lot of people who played the game together
with them and put them there to command the armed forces and that comes to such a point
when the population is hungry and has no way of reacting, they have to ask for help
international governments are the beauty and we will already have around there
millions who have left the country are living in many of them or in america of the
south or the united states and some of them already have more hope than the country
can go back to how it was before I still have hope I think not
there is evil that lasts forever but we believe that that day that day will
god wants to get there in Brazil dictatorship who is from são paulo saturday that
I'm talking absurd, the owner is even managing to make one again
union between libertarians and conservatives along the lines of what happened against
dilma's impeachment in 2016 there had already been hate haunts yesterday I received a video
I will pull here a little motorcade against the dollar thing that the press a
much of it did not disclose but if it was for the motorcade to get bolsonaro
would be in the four corners of the country with great mega event of rejection jair
bolsonaro as they had the guts to say it was
yes it is and the game is being played you are
seeing that what is happening the president cannot do everything but the
people will also have the opportunity to give their message to those dictators who
are trying to avoid protests they purposely say they can't do
motorcade that there can be no lighting and etc. also preventing people from
protest on the internet we see more and more reaping our reach profiles
overthrown by joaquim teixeira that the profile of a motive overturned a zillion
sometimes several others, right, the bolsonaro type, the bolsonaro zuero person who
nor are there several, in short, several of them who did not return after successive
overturned and it’s always like that, right, a chase here doesn’t say the booklet
of them because he thinks he is more intelligent than others they
think it right and he went so far as to do it, right, that journalist from
globonews in which she ditches rap I went to complain, not to say right
look you will show the copacabana you arrive at the copacabana palace shows the
closing also of the trade my friend of the toninho that gave restaurant I think that
in the center of the river or in copacabana I don’t know and then the auctioneer answers
your friend Toninho's trade there is as important as copacabana's economy
from the river if it is, we show it, that is, she is underestimating, she is talking like this, I am not even
there for you my dear I am there for those who have money I am only there for those
it’s high nile so they eat caviar just like them the rest of it, the population and
population go to they have scorned opinion she she showed very well the
language opportunity to say how the band plays inside the globe news right
is part of the globe group obviously but I don't care for your opinion
these newspapers if I think the magalhães sail that I have been quarantining
eating cheese you there what about and the parma ham be it ok
drinking French wine I probably don’t know if she’s worried that the guy
there the uncle of the Styrofoam with the uncle who sells the dogão da corner that the guys
how and after football do you think you're worried ladder
folks these folks who are guaranteed their weekend and are just getting into
the beating in the government says that the government wants to put the economy above health
when anyone who has a qi language knows that it doesn’t exist that they are
two problems have to be dealt with simultaneously, he doesn't care
for you and the guys his is guaranteed maybe maybe he will
be aware of a shortage when her employee
go to the market to buy French wine I didn't even have French or when I go to buy
what when when buying the cheese she wants not to get the cheese on the market
then it will get real, but stick it out, you can notice
the newspapers are already starting to attack on the account of president jair bolsonaro to
is the question of the economy, right, there’s leaf material, there’s uol material and others
newspapers starting to pull this way not even a week ago there was a
a collective in which dória was present and another collective even in rio de janeiro
governor wilson 20 i say the following look we hope the government
federal government to comply with its obligations to send money to that state
the ears on the stick guy just closed the contract transparency
because we know i'm reading comments you do here it's just a lot
people talking here about the inspection of this money that the government
a lot of people talking about the inspection of this money that is sent to
states the federal government it has already put down more than 600 billion there in the
fight the coronavirus ok has a r $ 600 corona voucher is guaranteed by whose
earns salaries earn up to two minimum wages and works a small or medium
company so that a boss has the breath to be able to keep the job of that
his employee's server has several other measures that are
being made out beyond obviously the question of internship construction
We know that the hospitals campaign is not at the perfect ideal level because the
government also has its limitations it is difficult for you to deal with the public machine
she is totally excessive private cristina we have people said
private with paulo guedes will kill me who are now inside the machine
public and they are the best people even to make this comparison for
tell the limitations that a person who
public servant has up to you by law the citizen he can do everything except that it is
prohibited by law can meditate my audience to the contrary he cannot do
nothing except what is foreseen in the law with what is allowed but the government has done the
part of them and in this video money for governors a lot of people in this
respected right by the river so you notice and I and I invite you with a reflection o
guy who steals right is money that should be will not be the pandemic he will
create awareness he will create with you to associate and will say hi oh no
really that in health problems people can die this guy is not
sanding for a long time now but it's up to the inspection bodies to stay on top
because we know that now we are prioritizing speed over speed
so that the citizen has and the best possible treatment for
save his life so with that you end up flexing some others
norms but that doesn’t mean saying you’re going to be eternal impunity
to pass this inspection to the academy, yes, we will have time for capitalization
be effective and audit all that has been spent to find out if
there was an irregularity to know if any deviation occurs and I finish
this live with another one another perspective for you who are of
several states in brazil the governor of his state he made the federal government
that reduced the ipi reduce the import tax zeroed the taxation for
materials related to combating the 19 lair with the vitamin from below
of others we are president jair bolsonaro got from india inputs
to make the hill the glue here in what was before it was almost a thing of
not crazy he is here in the crazy thing is not going to work
present you are caught in danger in things that have no scientific basis
will we apologize now, will the governors now
are going to say ah their also taxes the icms on food for example for
to reach the population in a cheaper way at that specific moment
that the state government are getting that kind of expense
and I'm sure that some will certainly and has already demonstrated this
commitment now there are others hi and then where are you really divulging
like that your mayor your governor the speeches of your state deputy the
your councilor as they are echoing right so that you do not allow the
Brazilian society has such a short memory of the energy of these people and the
we have a commitment to the truth, you know, tell the acoustic truth what it costs
to make the cqc personal beauty a hug here for some people who love you
they sent messages and they are people I know gg right front citizen paulo
mosque there from angra dos reis lilica sk8 santa catarina a hug and lilica
Fabio asked for a speech from the globe is a profile here that I don't know here from Imbituba
grace barra send a hug a hug there the guys from the martial arts yours
a lot of people nelson who were there from portugal
and sandro who asked for a hug isaías right or a question here from mmx carvalho if
the hydroxychloroquine question is so simple why the government
applicant hour in the frequent that I was waiting even though informally
doctors say that medicine is effective right from there they are
Paulo has incentive are already starting to apply in the era another
person asked where's the live with dr paulo sá paolo zanotto infectologist
formed in oxford in the united kingdom this is the only live i didn’t get i didn’t
I'm not using instagram, because I have no proof to do this but a live
that I couldn't get up was the only live that I couldn't get up and leave
your willingness to watch, you know, remove everything msm doctor is someone else
suggested toxicological in universities I think there is already a bill in this
felt in the chamber and then you’ve seen some deputy talking
I also don't know if it was Cristiane and you, Carlos Jordan or Felipe Pablo, but
will give a google to search because I think there is already a project asking for exam
toxicological to enter federal density will remember that it is money from
all of us so i am in favor of this project i found it very interesting right anyway
and that's it guys thanks to all of you who have been watching so far
send a hug to my husband marcio and the children using this joice is given there
a hug thanks there gisele good easter for you too be it one day
calm again on this opportunity many Brazilians do that meeting
between family to make lunch so that it will be a day a day of calm and
of reflection for all of us remembering the resurrection of jesus christ
it's a hug to all of you stay with god ok
[Applause] and there